so as a leader, especially getting ready for deployment there, there's
a different perspective that you need to take care of. Obviously, you
need to take care of yourself individually, just like on a plane.
If there's an incident, you put the mask on yourself before you. You
go to the person next to you, but as a leader, you're taking care
of yourself. But then you're looking to the people that work for you
and making sure that they're taking care of making sure that your giving
them the resource is that they need Thio prepare for their family.
The legal resource is the wills, the general power of attorneys
making sure that they have, um, something to communicate with their
family. So they understand the parameters of where they're going to
be at the limitations that they're gonna have, and just things that
are going to connect them back to it. And then the last thing I would
probably make sure I have is some stuff that I can use to train.
Whether it's something as simple as bringing some leadership books,
things that we can read together and to grow together, and some resource
is along those lines, I think those are all really key things to
look at, especially as a leader